dallas has uploaded a video well first of
all good morning it's just that it arrived as I
'm recording it clipping pin pin pin pin I
think that the people who get to this
video I
already greet you, I mean I want you to be already
watching the previous live I
invite you all of the previous so
first of all good morning to your
truth to a video talking about the subject
of aurum plate I don't know why it took so long to
make this video I had already
heard somewhere the fact that it was going to
be the
turbo plan video he just uploaded another video
about wind and I
bought the lymph from this guy this
guy if he wants to look for a complaint however
I don't know to what extent you can
show someone's olyphant they have a
youtube video no matter how much you
censor them and all that content if in
private it's not
me I recorded a video of how weak the end in
charge of the film is going to haunt you they are not
going to report you because the photos are more
than routes out there but if now they are
doing it a person who catches you between
be and be there it is different and a person
who knows you but what calls me the
[ __ ] debate
that  you have three videos since they have
arrived if you pay for it it's also yours yes
but not for you to share it Jonathan
I can buy right now the
movie The Moulin that came out today but I ca
n't upload it to my YouTube channel
with the balls many times and things that
I say
intelligence pursues us and
catches up with us many times things that are
illogical guys then that the cape
comments but the thing that does the
[ __ ] debate that we are here waiting for I do
n't have to I have with Joan Planet
so that you well I don't envy
contemplate Aryans flat the one who is there
at war that nothing left this video I do
n't know why it takes so long because this
video is about the car video that
uploaded well it's not even that he uploaded
those clips of tweets of euros do you
remember that we react that is
here I study my secondary channel it's a
click of auro saying that it was already fixed
with Dalai del relleno [ __ ] brings us
a video now but I think it's been at
least two or three weeks I don't know why it
took so long but well it
suits me perfectly and I'm going to see it aurum
play asks me  sorry for what he did to me
in 2013 everything is resolved
here the thing I'm going to watch the video then
comment because I think here one by one
more than in the title there is a change of
version in the aurum play in the
gala I
think I'm going to play it I think now
in play he said that the two apologized to
each other thanks to ruben that one
told others well you can forgive me
for what he tells you about such trafficking and another
I'm worth losing sorry to me too I
think it was like that the same thing I'm wrong it's just that I do
n't remember already married of the
week that these things have to be
more current
well now let's try it was the year 2013
I was an inexperienced young man in the
next point you all know who
Mr. Talas is to the white
the white
because the hell did he give that name
to that name is inspired by something else
product
before I start making it clear that everything
that I'm going to tell here below
is something already resolved for
many years between me and now a
blake wants to go on record that
I think he
looks at the charisma of the bastard here
look giving him credit ago  growing up
has changed a lot over the
years and I also think that the complaint that I
filed against him at the time made him change
a lot at the time I'm talking
about what happened in 2013 and I thought that it
wasn't the right time malar day
seda autoline the bastard inside
with me
a lot at the time this happened
if you follow his account he gives himself to the bile
[ __ ] his own videos in 2003 and I
thought that he's very young you can love
yourself more take the rivers since
he also spoke about it recently and
now we're going to see how he tells the
story but it means that less than
explaining to you already in itself in a
summary video of the whole story what
happened and how it all ended something else
is an idea it all started in 2013 and the
filter my address photos of my family
my phone number there at that
time I was only 18 years old and the truth is that it did
affect me because at the moment I
couldn't even leave the house without
looking to the sides honey even friends of
his throwing pounds at me trying to hit
the window
has lost very close the story is very
long so if  do you think I'm going to
summarize it here now you have to let's
listen to see how he tells it and I
continue contributing things because some
small points where he is telling us
the truth are not important just
small things in part I also
understand it for another big one let's see
but now as I have told you the problem
with him
today
and how to end this was solved
many years ago what we are not
friends at all if they grow on you
when of course these last years the glue
to the same shirt to give away but it
looks better on you dom and of course that's why they
get the video calls that
you get on Sunday
we have talked I also say that many
things that he says here he denies wish
michu in his video that he made against me on
his day of truth took 6 we saw it here
live
nothing to do with how he is now to how
those moments were to give you an
idea he has put many videos in
private or it has been directly deleted
where he said things for which
today youtube demonetizes him and the channel
but things so so so strong that they
were even totally in bad taste at six
an idea  they deleted I think three or
four twitter accounts I did
very outrageous things at that time but very
outrageous public things so
I remember that I continued
seeing it on twitter and lauro and at that
time we were all kind of idiots or
almost all of us
and it was not funny aurum plate
triumph with that content because
people liked it there is no more that
today it would be seen super bad of course
but at that time we were laughing our asses off
also or also because of the age we
were when we saw it maybe
those same videos and
adults saw them I said like I mean how they go
overboard but the thing is years ago
society was not like it is now we are
talking about
78 years ago do
you want me to tell my story with
dallas or what do you want although there is
not much to tell it is that
lately on twitter I have received
quite a few mentions of if dallas that if I do
not know what and they were flat but what
happens there are many people who do not know the
story that is the problem there are
many people who have no idea about the
story I am going to summarize it okay today I am
talkative by the way a question in  that
play or jimmy neutron literally you come to me
with an invention and honestly I don't know lay
but here it
will be to be taller maybe I
saw it now a play in person and it wasn't
because he wants to gain a few centimeters it's not
me I'm going to put this tonsils he
made a criticism of me back in 2012
2000 lab athletics in 2013
basically he had 2013 in front of him I made
a criticism that is still public on
the channel the criticism is called Europe that
we saw here live okay there is a
reaction here on my secondary channel of
a reaction he has also done it and
moving to see what the move was about and
in the end it is that the criticism was not to
put it was not to take it will be bad I do
n't remember literally because
the cable has to have uploaded videos
a couple of weeks ago in fact I think it
takes longer to upload it because he has
had it for many days waiting to be
reviewed and so on because I think
this video would have the one before but that we
were seeing the criticisms I don't
remember the literally  what's up
but I remember that we said it wasn't to take it the
wrong way okay let's see I'm
1 81 javi I'm taller than 181 he
stopped me 2000
you have to have a good lock no
goodbye
because I'm 182 thousand ounces on
Sunday you have to
in life call you guys lights ok
from place it doesn't make sense because
basically there will be a play it went from what was
known and how small I had at
that time and being known
criticizing especially
saying that its content is garbage which
is quality content quality
funny that for no reason he was not lacking that's why
many people supported him at that
time and apart from that not only to see us
here one thing that always clarify
from my point of view the fact of
saying well is that someone who does not
point out the limp and will explain it more in
depth okay but at least I
city clarified it is the fact of saying no
is that such and such became famous because of course
as always talks about others of those who
are famous can I use their name
yes evidently that positions you
ladies you ask to deny it but also it is
that I open a job you  you can be talking
about a blue pen for ten
minutes and they tell you that this pen is
green and we eat ourselves up with the ten
minutes of video because it
entertains us it hypnotizes okay and in the end it
was you end up thinking about the
green pen because it is convincing you
group play seem like Europe and you have
a lot of gift of the gab you have a lot of charisma you have a
lot wherever you are and it is that you are worth it since
not only the fact that the
videos are positioned well because you are
talking about what you are talking about okay I have
met people in these five years
that I have been okay who deal with the same
topics as me
and however there are people who have
stayed at a thousand subscribers and
talking about the same topics
talking about the same things to the CEO trying to be the
fastest the same ones well they have not
grown and continue not trying with 500
visits and with a thousand visits they
understand and I know others who have
started later than me and they have
tripled my subscribers it has
nothing to do with what people
like the type of audience that there is
also knows has its
charisma and it has also earned it
because okay that nothing comes to mind the
videos my criticism
was basically based on  say why can he spend years
criticizing people who are at the top
for making really bad content when
when he started making his
own content which was back in 2013 it's the
cava to do especially already lens or rather or
rather that the channels that
he was previously criticizing also made that was
all literal that was all I recommend that you
relate believe me but it really was a
criticism with a lot of respect
sincerely I believe for the
in fact the pressure was quite a lot in the
criticism and at first I tell him very
good things I recommend you see him tourism
well here the criticism was not to take
the sea in that we are many more things
than well that is the criticism the
recognized when we talked about it a few
years ago that I really had every
right to make the criticism but he took it
but he took it at an impressive level well
listen to a criticism that the truth is that I
took it badly it is a criticism I took it badly badly
bad but of course those were other
times I was much more of a child much more of an
[ __ ] and the truth is that I was offended that
you [ __ ] I was offended no wait I took it badly
and I insulted him I threatened him I remember now
that I think about it and he kept reposting
drawings that  people did this
with my life and I really remember
one in particular, notice that he
reposted on several occasions and
even did the profile cover course
in which he was as if he were
one of the soldiers in the movie
300 and he ran me through with a spear, there
will be a lot of blood everywhere and
a lot of gloves, [ __ ] honestly let's
see what he explains for me it's not the
first time I've seen it on this side, I've
seen the video yet to see what
my colleagues say, they published their details and
the truth is that there was a
very big enmity
but the truth is that I gave him a lot of stick, I
insulted him quite a bit but of course
my colleague published his details says the bastard
and I think he had it in his
twitter bio I think I remember that on the
acne blog
since the other one has already disappeared from the
map and it is not known if this is welcome to
tell me I
cannot give details but it came with
very strong
aviation things and even there is one
that has totally disappeared entirely like I do
n't know if he sold his winner or
gave it away I don't know but oh well it's tremendous  I
know things will come out there okay they will
make a phobia on their blog I took a
screenshot that reminds me how much
damage the car itself has done because it
came out like the twitter friend they put
then the lava town the other
times guys that I already told you I had to
see us because of the era it is because of the mentality
because I was older but
mentality god the perfect cents
but there will be a house remover who
has 200 thousand viewers on
twitter and you have here the
keyboard box the box of the youtube plate and
the box of I don't know what the [ __ ] it is god
already buy four web stations without
500 for each one a nice showcase and me
my god is 31 years old
and with the [ __ ] [ __ ] what is this
the balls how
angry it makes me what will never
cross your mind but you how they
give it to me and I have to see the
circumstances and oh how beautiful how cool it
looks like my daughter don't
give me this [ __ ] doll
or you  happens why they
are not pretty and they are not funny and they do
not look like anyone they are all round and that's it I would be
23-24 I think also
the point is that he was used to
this is although it happens to many people
are used to criticizing but he is
very used to being criticized
by the way his channel is still
quite funny funny criticism
not to say that with many you know there are many
people who told me saying that it is
type 2 they are unique they are criticisms it
is type 1 review dallas review awards and
crumb criticism 2 channels like his
dedicated entirely to criticism and I don't see
even half of the people complaining that
he dedicates himself to criticizing a lot of
things too but well I am on the net
criticism not
lauro play criticism tutor thing no longer in
fact money thank you very much
I think that when the hate eba comes and
when they tell us because it comes to me too it is
said there is no it is that only criticism
refers to being not to other youtube and
aurum place already criticism of other youtube
see how much it can be the last one that I
remember
the last one that I remember would be that of the
ignorer  of grandmothers being a criticism
towards another youtube
the last one of the ignorer of grandmother or
how
because now if he has a channel of
criticism but criticism criticism that agent
dictated that they do not know him did look
how much can the critical zone do to
someone
here criticizes the press because they
clicked on him and put a
misleading title with him I do
not know if
the gentleman motivates the motivation would be
a criticism a criticism
obtaining great benefits
pressuring them is not a reason for criticism it is not
that the joke rumors super white that
in fact I liked the previous one I
liked lauro in play my favorite my favorite
my favorite my favorite is
leaning towards this era
leaning towards this era okay this would be
my favorite
this fact
when I started on youtube but well
people change people adapt
things in each one that does what they
want obviously I am not nobody
here to come and tell each one hey do
not change between more the roll of it does not
matter if the content but the aura that
exists around the content as you well
know they have carried out a campaign of
absolute hatred and defamation of all
kinds against me since 2013 precisely because
with the  I started the whole ball and since
then it's been a constant year after
year after year after year of one stopping
then people don't really base themselves
on the reality of the content but
rather on the classroom of the content that is
outside which by the way I have to say
that I have no idea how but the
complaint that I filed at the time
survived all the moves I've
made until now I found it not
long ago in a
rough box complaint what I have is the copy
that I wrote I was to present to the
Bellevue police be the I think that
maybe it would be funny to read it in a
video you are that the complaint of a
video of points super bad skiing but you
ask that please it is done
this is 10 ideas about legal terms
today with officials type of things and
then I in my own way I try to
explain how I could but well that if you
want you can from other videos seeing what I
wrote to present to the police
well now he talks about this we would also
say very well but at that moment it
sat with me but fatal there is a
enmity there is an insult well horrendous
all threats horrendous and then came the
episode of the stones they do not go into much
detail  will fight that I am effect a lot
in I had been my whole life until 28 with the
same phone number I had never
changed it suddenly I start getting
whatsapp calls that literally
collapse me immobile he put my address he
put it in the twitter biography
as if your address was the one he
put and when really to mine to a
role of some shadow capture one side
this is one of the many captures
what there is from that time it is difficult to
find them all because many have been
eliminated from the servers well let's
see I don't
know why it is marked here he is very
nice it would
not be to publish someone's address
literally because it would be the
name of the town is that the name of the
town surely he did not know it's as if they
put that it is skilled and measurements of Seville
no I do not
know that there is another tweet with more data
or whatever it is he does not understand
obviously the address was known because
if they went to the stone because he knew
that it is really the worst that what he
did at that time was probably
dedicating himself to publishing photos of
my relatives taking photos shops with
horrible things I have a video that I recorded
by the way there with the girlfriend avis came in
to see I'm going to try  fix it but I don't
guarantee anything okay I'm
going to try to fix it but not
guaranteed
better better better
how are you
dear
kids because you enjoy the streaming
where it is in a live I think it's
a twitter live because at that
time they did live shows on twitter and in
that video it says they did live shows on
twitter I remember that they came and
Natalia thanks to everyone thank you so much
for everyone a thousand there that I've
seen them out there
that we have and it's almost time for us to
open the [ __ ] chest I mean today
we should open the chest not everyone should
open it tomorrow we open it today okay
maybe live on twitter because now I
remember that I saw Natalia in the
tweet what was her name what was her
name
[Music] whatever
rich she
wasn't either no no no
twitcam
I would swear that it's not to
say my full name and you could
say that it was worth it to look for the house and
things like that really terrible I don't know if I will have
served somewhere of the
literal super explicit but another level
and all the memory at that time is now
after all there they published the
phone number of whoever they published  the
addresses of whoever it is, let's see, not
everyone within 800 meters wasn't
sweating more about the issue because they didn't
advance the complaints at hand, they won't be
aware of the illegality, it's knowing and they
continue to support that the whole point of the
date on twitter and especially on twitter
and people threatened each other they
passed them by that I made a criticism or rather, I
live off that criticism and now I
look at them in perspective and thanks to him I didn't
cause him, let's see, he gives us reason, which is the worst
of the issue or the world came to tell me
everything, to publish my address and
phone number, threats of all time, all
because I made a criticism, it was
impressive
at this time, I tried to counterattack as I
could, he's
not even used to it and he knew what something like that
was and I remember a
couple of things from what was said, but it's that there's no point of
comparison, my point of
comparison leads, and if at some point I
came to insult him at that time, it was
precisely to defend myself, the things I
was saying, but you know
perfectly well,
I want to explain about the stones, in this,
by the way, it denies wish, did you
hear me? There's a lot of
confusion, that if you went to throw stones
at  see the thing with the stones here I have to
say one thing the 1st was the one who came to
throw the stones but they were
his friends I can tell you their
names at that time on
twitter on twitter there were two guys who
were super friends of his one of them was
called see the children and the other one is called
max canning calm down I want to look for you and I didn't
remember the place so it was from
sant joan desp which is a neighborhood in
barcelona this was the first one who
fought with them and then I'm going to
tell me how the whole thing
really went both him and this one like seeing them who
by the way is a real hooligan
and was super friends with him back
in the day they are not anymore
she is not friends with all these people but I know
that she doesn't want to have problems with
these people because they are very crazy
just like he was before too so
our number is fiction
I think if she is a friend of seeing them it
sounds familiar to me it sounds familiar
not long ago like months seeing
some photo of the two of them together having a drink you
know that maybe they are not that much anymore
because this one has a thing going on with the other one already  it does
n't carry it
could be Tom Werner Gallo's wine we've been
following each other for a long time before he
followed me like three years ago a
couple of years ago things and we followed each other on
Twitter and I don't know what politics is that he gets along
very well with Gabriel Rufin
so those who mention address and all
this well they came directly to my
house
these two guys who were the ones from by the way while this was happening he was posting on Twitter as if he was also coming in that car but as far as I know he didn't come but he did post in a lot of tweets that maybe he has some screenshots somewhere he might
advertise and I haven't seen yet but
he was posting as if he was the one
studying approaching my house so
what they did was take photos on my
street they took photos of my house they even
put their camera through
a wall that was there at the time an
iron wall that was there to separate the
street from the house he put his phone in there I took a
photo not even an interior patio because I lived on the
ground floor at the time so what they
did was one driving with the
door open  another threw a rock at
a super large glass window at the
front door of the house but
in the end the rock didn't hit the
glass but hit right next to it and
simply fell to the ground trying to
reach the glass but the cheese shop
was so far from the street that it's very
difficult to hit you have to have
colossal strength for a rock to
get from the street to the glass then what happened was that the following weekend another person as far as I know another person different from these two and honestly I no longer know how different two people are and were different people came threw another rock and what it did was hit the tiles of a
doghouse a lot of this
information I found out over time and
over the years so many things from the
previous videos on this subject are extra
is updated that was right next to
the entrance of the house so that you
understand there were two occasions and at
least on the second I know that
this one who called himself Marco who
called himself Max Canino was not involved by certain
two guys who came really just a
couple of short chubby guys who
bullied them a lot in the  school and
now they were having a good time
basically doing garbage on twitter,
every detail of the story has been told
because he really
makes videos with all kinds of details
so I don't miss a thing but
this one maybe the boy who is the only one of
the three who hasn't changed
at all is a piece of
someone
equal
to feminist and in 2016 his ex
girlfriend and I were in a photo with and to
my instagram by the way this girl post I
already remember in fact they reached an agreement as to
why but I remember what a
day today I'm going on vacation for
a few days but don't worry I'll
leave videos prepared plus they have
done a very cool interview
suddenly it
's not I'm not going to stop saying that there are
few girls who would take a
host off them I remember that someone told me
about these photos
at some point well we're talking
about August 2016 it's clear that she
spoke to me at this moment about that photo she
told me that this guy abused her, that he
took her physically and that also
apparently the one who reported it I don't know
how this became sincerely look the girl
showed me all kinds of evidence and the
truth honestly I  I believe it because
the guy was and still is
very crazy but since he has
little play his mind was also very bad
also recognizing it is an idea at that
time and the profile picture ends up looking
like he was a kid at z and that level and he
said rock humor things but another
level imagine they deleted I think
three of his twitter accounts it seems to me at
that time they practically don't delete
twitter accounts it's not like now
also with that second stone by
the way the video I made about it
at that time came about that I
had gone to throw stones at that
time I knew the full story of
how the whole thing was and he doesn't get over it a
long time later when that guy
max kan and basically he fought with them
and look at telling the whole story
finally percent seeing them kid
this one is really called bernard and one day I
used his twitter name youtube ideal I
[ __ ] my pants that his
real identity in the world that he came back to my
house just to ask me for forgiveness and that
please is the level while yes
and that happened that I knew it I
went to his house to ask him for forgiveness and that
please he
has published photos of relatives
really I was  very young and very
inexperienced if I had caught this
today honestly I would have put them
all in jail but well not
long ago and anyway part of the things
with which I ended up learning from
life they no longer listen to us I think that it
existed I have no doubt I think that
it existed that someone really
went there and threw something at the roof I
think that I remember that in the
video I remember that it showed how it had
a broken tile now I have not gone nor do I
know for sure who it was
these fakes are clearly fake because
as I tell you at that time when his
friends were coming to my house he
participated in it publishing on twitter
as if he had been a lot I think I
remember I
think I remember that back then they knew
twitter you know I don't
know why but it was known I think they were
seen I think Dallas came
out with a katana or something like that I
think nothing came out with a katana or
someone said that on twitter and that I think he saw him
pass by with the car or
something like that so that's how they saw
one of those who came from this public
twitter things  type we're going for you
we're about to arrive stop you I'll
do that to you now
and something with the katanas and he came out for something and
these people said it was a tasting that you could
n't hear a window breaking
when the style is to say this is
clearly in cahoots with his colleagues
from that time what happens is that
now he doesn't want to say it because as I
said he doesn't want to get into a Remax with
these people who he knows get obsessed very
easily with things and I also think
that he might think that maybe I can
reopen the criminal process
open it if he wanted to the truth is
how is it going to open wait clearly
our last puncture with his colleagues
from that time what happens is that
now he doesn't want to say it because as I
said he doesn't want to get into Remax with
these people who know that he gets obsessed very
easily with things and I also think
that he might think that maybe I can
reopen the criminal process
but there would be
a process 7 years ago
I ask
if it can
now apply advanced forgive
and I would like to see is that the truth was there was an
outbreak of leftovers in this criminal process the
only problem is that the complaint did not
continue for what  They already
told below it was not really
for validity but because of me between
many quotes hours of telling this
is good as I said I do not mince my
words I will not be silent with
who were the people who did it you
can say exactly who were
back to Bernat with your other friend Max
almost and meanwhile he was getting
wet on twitter like eye we are going for
you we are going to your house get ready I do not know
what things much stronger than
unfortunately it is not when they have this
cold video you imagine okay plan that I am going to
end with a vital sign do you understand
what a next video wants to be is the
complaint so that you can see fredica in all the
things that he said that they will use were
many in those times well he had
friends a little Canberra but I can not
tell you who it was but then to say that
position 6 and for that time to another
person well of what you do not want to
blame them but I tell you who it was
in yes who knows who
the new one is never admit because Elliot
both that we are friends and much less and
neither does he want the others is now
solve it with him so that he does the same
to him but yes yes they know he
took the opportunity to remember everything has already been
discussed and more than resolved with him and I like him
but this is part of the
story that happened proactively in
it and one day in management as well and
also that he was publishing
specifically what they are doing
sincerely do you get an idea of the
fear that is or you know we are talking
about publishing data not that if I am not
mistaken it would include roll there the
address the
clock there also phone number
surely all the insults and
threats that were out there that would be
a lot I don't know if some slander but
in July surely
[Music]
and already the fact in itself that they went to his
house on two occasions before they were stones
then we would be talking of
course about a pretty big complaint
you call for criminal in fact
obviously but my doubt is that it can be
opened seven years later
those people on YouTube without knowing anything
about life still think that you are
crazy that they know exactly where you
live that they have sneaked a camera
inside your house to take pictures of
your house have tried to attack each other inside
your house  It's that now I tell it as if it
were nothing but it was really something
very serious, I mean very strong, you take my
very young kidney to me, imagine what it's like to
not want to open the curtains of your
own window for fear of people
outside who don't appreciate you wanting to
take pictures of you, not very strong what he did
but now I'm laughing because for
me that is a stupidity on the same level as
the things that have happened to me
today, which are on a much more serious level, what he
really did was on a different
level and many of you ask me like
Dallas and I don't know how I endure it's because I've
endured many things in my ideal life, I've
endured a lot of garbage in
life and the truth is sincerely I wish I had
n't gone through certain types of things
like this for example, especially because
this was also the beginning of the whole
period where they started attacking me from
all sides and everything started rolling like
a snowball that ended up
turning into a horrible avalanche
against me, it all started in 2013 with this
problem with Euro, a lawsuit about everything
with this because they were very
dear people and then  to people because they
started saying what are you calling me and I
remember not knowing the dispute of
who it is that doesn't watch any YouTube in
saying it I didn't know him for being the friend
of seeing him and I remember that Dallas was they
had him as he
was already known in baby as a
hated person like this fool knows
but people loved the others the other
group because I put it to them that this is an
internet [ __ ]
and from there on they stayed one thing
they were joining with the other they took
advantage of the and bad image
Valencia they will take advantage of the gate to
throw more value to each other the other
one of the motorcycle Victor from wish Mitsumi
sex and everything else came added to this
avalanche that began first with the
snowballs of criticism euro in
play after this I am summarizing
a lot it is because I want to start now and that
in fact today they only sell me his video
as if it was Dallas the one who is the one who
started all the controversies and
all the browns that he has looked for it is not
understood he sells it as criticism
tauro in play for the [ __ ] face he does not see
the  criticism that you made, I don't know that
you looked really bad
but since you've asked
about the chat sometime, I see it, I say I'm going to clarify it
because that's not where it ended, well, he
actually reported me, whose police station we
declared the whole thing, this was
funny because I remember that at that
time the ship moved to
Manresa, up to about an hour by car
from Barcelona when this happened the
guy who increased and they went to Skype
wrote to me on Skype and told me more the
expenses literally makes no
sense at all because a criminal complaint does not
pay the expenses unless you have a
super extraordinary case, already things that right
after telling me it also includes
some threat there you like after
telling me at
that time there was a hack that
allowed you to see the deleted messages that
the person had published before,
now it converts to WhatsApp, I did
not know that it was possible, I
also added the messages to the complaint about the
judge to hear, well, he did not carry out the
trial, which is why there was never a trial
because the judge thought it convenient that there should not be one,
this is important to say because I did not longo
in all trials in Spain there is a
view  pretrial where it is
decided whether or not it goes to trial the
thing is that on this occasion
the trial could not go forward for the following
reason and that is what happened is that they
sent me a subpoena Mariah the
court to testify because I was the
elementary evidence of that complaint but
what happened was the following as he
had analyzed the address and had
done that level to me already absolute thing in my
own home, a few months later I
had to leave that house because literally
you counted on two occasions they
encouraged people to throw stones at me
but what happened to me constantly is
that every weekend
groups of teenage kids would come to Islam
they Argentinians you will know them as
parties and they would come outside my house to ring my
doorbell and insult me through
the fence that level also there was a
bar right in front of my house where they
sat there and on one of the occasions they
started yelling things and Carmen all
kinds of insults Valentina but on that
occasion when I went out I automatically
detected who they were because in the neighborhood
the same old people started as
always if I remember that I even called
the police to come for them and they
were both minor brats anyway it was
pathetic the issue I had to leave
and I'll go more you think well they must have
hired you for the phone number
what's the joke that they seemed to
hide the phone number from me several
times by the way in the end I had to
change my number that finally I didn't
receive any calls not even from
the courts and so what
basically happened is that the judge probably
archived it because they didn't have his
main testimony which was mine even so there has
n't been a trial but it's been
archived if I wanted to I could
reopen the case if I got in
touch with the courts there in
Spain because now I'm not even
living in Spain since the case hasn't
gone to trial but it remains archived
which doesn't mean that it's
completely closed but if there were more causes
to be
transmitted specifically in this
case it would be my testimony which was missing
at that time because I couldn't
show up then I could probably
reopen it which honestly now that I
think about it I should reopen it but not for
him per se but for the other guy who
then he spent it he continues to this day
actively participating in all kinds of
campaigns with processing in part he does not
want to confess so as not to betray
us but now that I think about it it
makes me remember one thing but he clarified
one very good thing you are going to flip out in the
police playing receives the complaint and
from again when the
trial hearing was the thing is that at that
time I became in half friend Marc friend
nothing more like a buddy of one of the
police officers who was already in that area because
also one of the times he came to my house
to collect all the evidence that I
had the police officer told me in the
police statement between them they
began to accuse each other in a way
that he accused the others that we accused
him and they all began to
get ahead of each other in a super
pathetic way there was obviously never any
statement from them but I hope what
the police officer told me is that it was very
funny to hear it is that I remember
things and not leave anything out because he said that there is
a complete video with the whole
complete story and so that I will make another one
with the complaint for 2000
16  there was a rapprochement between the two I don't
remember that I spoke to who
honestly I don't remember I don't remember
either I do remember because I made a
video about the subject that the video has already been
deleted
also I remember that well I'm not going to
say who but come on you can
imagine who sent me all the info
so I could make that video to mom but
perfectly well it is a video that I
made with a white sweatshirt with
blue stripes and a person sent me
all the captures and such that Dallas
had followed Aurum Plate and had
told him well follow me Aura and I think they
have to talk about her or
Cabrera I think I think it
was something about her or
Cabrera I do
n't know if I spoke to him without speaking we talked
a little bit I took advantage of that moment
after years it seems he hey look
Dallas
[Music]
so he says that he said to you
forgive me I know that in his day I behaved
horribly I know that he has also done things a
bit of a mutual war but I did
more I did more but much more I couldn't
say what was the most serious I
think the most serious thing I did was
insult  the girlfriend and I'm not trying to
justify myself but she was
very actively involved in that campaign against me
and there's a minimum level and she said to him hey
sorry about the threats the
insults the personal information that's
wrong and he said nothing's wrong I told him nothing's wrong
and since then from time to
time we talk calmly and that's it there's
good vibes there's cordiality and I think that's what's
important so many
years ago that's how good it is that it's okay to
leave things behind and move on
in life let's
see we don't talk every day or I go out with
him for a beer because we're not
colleagues in real life
so I have to tell you something you
tell me and I have to tell him something with
which there is a totally
cordial cordiality and totally cordial ossa between
us this took advantage or rather because it had
reached me on twitter and tanks and
stones that if I say don't [ __ ] with me stones
in the year 2020 the whole world is also
important and it is that as you know in the
video of many after turkey of
the stones my mind and it's not true and
tries as it was in the video in microphone and
fire and my superior of  the katana and that's why
Dallas after I go for my katana
and take the video
who was it who is the one who appeared in a
video on twitter saying that he came out
with the katana
was very much clear
surely the day
with Senna they catch him in the transcript
with here it
was not Ingrid's complaint either
someone said that the other left the
house with a katana and then they saw each other they
saw each other while passing by the
car
[Music]
how to make like the balance between the two
things does not want to even accuse the other
parties and it was these and also not well
that allowed because it is air was it true and he
also did not want to make a video him
saying that it is not sane he does not know that it
was not then he tries to make like the
balance they are saying I am sure that it
was real because he knows but I do not know
who it was I do not know what it is because as I
said shortly after the body sincerely
and if reopening the criminal case
definitively we did not understand something and
michu Ingrid a
long time ago but I know that something
can you look for me who said about the kilo
please the clown thing is
if you can look for it please
before we finish the reaction
if someone can look for it for me  please
and manuel tries the frame
and it doesn't stop me
then about the tastings
hello again how is
the best part of 910
and two what does this mean that this
psychological report is nothing more than the
psychologist paid by her collects in
writing the things that she tells him
this has absolutely no kind
of veracity and is of no use at all as
evidence because because the
psychologist can't go back in
time and see everything that happened he
simply collects the
experiences of the patient and
write them down as she tells them
end of story but it's even worse
because we are masochistic to start
reading a little and I could respond to
many of the things expected the
nonsense that is being told here the
psychological report I don't know if it's
worth making a whole video responding
to all this nonsense it
certainly deserves it but not always the part I
found especially ridiculous which is
this one here where it says that I
needed to defend myself and that's why I always
carried a knife and I even bought
a katana
the head is that it is that it threw me out of
the knife and also
other people told and in fact I
think I got to say it in a video I'm
going to look for it somewhere
but I wanted to say it in a video
because someone told me
at
that's why the katana thing sounded familiar to me
my god you
know I wouldn't have bought a
katana I bought three good regate in
different names but you know the
worst thing is that I bought them after breaking up
with her and even worse I imagine that she
put it in some videos you see then I
could probably say look time it's
pathetic and Qatar is not someone aggressive
but the katanas do you want me to
show you I'm going to get the katanas as she
observes me the incredible katana I want her to
see and this is the terrible catal that I
bought to take care of myself from people look see
wow I'm seeing I don't want I don't want you to see
well and interpret that someone
wanted to bother him they could release him
seeing the piece of incredible catal
look at the wow incredible so that he doesn't know
this is not considered a weapon you know
what because it is not a decorative weapon
[Music]
really either I am the man of steel
or this is  a lie
some [ __ ]
I think everything was solved at the time and
the
internal truth did a lot of damage I came to
hate him to exaggerated levels because
we imagine what it is like to spend months
seeing each other in your own house not feeling
safe in your own house it is very strong
the truth and it was very strong especially
because he was currently living alone alone
with 18 years old and it was another level of
arafo and another level it was exaggerated
sincerely I remember something very strong
in my life but well I think it
also helps them mature as I have
told you many of those who follow him
have no idea what kind of person
he was in 2012-2013
and he made videos with a mask and I will have
all kinds of nonsense to a lady at
that time
because Mrs. Diaz videos that might
give a little bit of clint or a little bit of
shame but he would
tell her one of things one of nonsense another
level of success with a mask I think
an anonymous mask it seems to me I will
look for the version I find it was not
anonymous but it looked like phosphorus he does not
talk to me about things that  I could tell about
this man this even if you don't believe it that
joke play in the afternoons after a
little time in the shadows after
a season I
could very well make a was coming back on
youtube was coming back to youtube the
whole video about the things he did
in the past that they have all dealt with and
how time has changed because he
badea it a lot a lot because I will hit myself
because honestly we are
not going to control our words a little it
has to be this funny that he is
taking out and remembering this I do
n't know if the video to upload to his channel
if not
his will not be in his life
is really solid
so if it has more to do with the
fact that he is a better person or if it is that he has
seen that walking around doing that type of
things and they are going to have an I don't know because I do
n't know him well enough so I can't be
sure the question is if he
changed a lot you use more problems in the
future and he had to keep it a little more
if he intended to make a career in
absolutely none of this because if not I
really tell you he probably
ended up in prison what he said there are many
people who have ended up with
prison sentences for doing the things that he
does on social networks in another
level and many things that not
even in this video but well anyway
we have to change and it is not the typical
accomplice I am still the same as for
example Jordi while does without going any
further really changed I think he was one
of the few people who have been
able to apologize properly
unlike other people also his
brother asked me for forgiveness by the way but his
brother was also very involved
in all issues and it is also your good do
many things at that time I
remember the fear I felt at
Christmas because I was very sensitive at
that time I was very young
and clear I was very affected by everything that
was happening to me well
basically the whole story or more or
less the whole story and do you want a
next video as I told you doing a
reading of the complaint that I filed which
as I said is the laughs because it is
super badly written I try to act like a
lawyer but at that time I
had no idea about absolutely anything and I
write it like a horrible ass but do not
forget to subscribe speak Calvin we
want it we have that video and well
gentlemen I'm going there I have to
well I don't know if to see what
you would recommend  I'm seeing Mula
or the Joan Plana movie, I'm
not thinking about it, I'm going to take the dog out, I'm
thinking about it and now we'll see, gentlemen,
see you tomorrow, there's a
pending issue to be addressed, tomorrow so I have time to
continue, we'll discuss this, okay, just
everything, how do I say goodbye, how
can you ask like that,
how crazy,
how crazy?